Dear Dewan bhai, 
 
Thanks , I have added (in red) some points also  per below…
 
1)Need to change definition and description of collection product details in FRD (Can be taken from BRD)
2)CitianyWhere will be replaced with normal collection and front screen will require few modification.
3)Separate entry form is required to maintain Citicheck processing.
4)Separate CitiCheck report is required for A/C entry in flexcube
5)Flexcube csv file is required for CitiAnywhere funding 
6)Query module is required for Citianythere and speed collect with different criteria
7)Frequency to generate Reminder letter is 1 month
8)Deposit slip/Schedule length will 12 digit instead of 10 digit and amount field should be store 1000 core
9)Outstanding screen should have userid and authorizer detail , multiple selection is required in this screen.
10)Checks for collection reprint will have option to generate report using date range and reference range which will be converted to an excel format.
11)A new column “Routing no” will be added in Bank branch table .Current bank branch details will be updated by ops team and mapped with routing number.
12)A report will show what are the checks are outstanding of a client.
13) Including date of entry option in the report.
14)Authorize option to be added in every data entry screen and action to be taken by any user.
15) Some new reports will be required which can confirm at the time of UAT.
16) Some modification required  in the front end of different screen like, Billing screen, DD  input, Check input etc.
17) Some small modifications may required as and when face.
18) We will maintain a log after starting UAT.
 
Please note that we have missed one important point regarding return check for which it will required an csv file to be upload to flexcube, requesting you to communicate
With Mr. Lodi.
 
Pending points :
 
1.Csv  uploadable file
2.Is there any scope to throw an excel file to CCMS and system can validate the information’s which is realted to same day mis and day zero arrangement.
 
Regards
Nahar
